Fixing links for website + Fixing search (#16284)
apache/incubator-mxnet: example/ctc/README.md

```

#### Building MXNet from source with warp-ctc integration

> In order to build MXNet from source, you need to follow [instructions here](https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/install/index.html). After choosing your system configuration, Python environment, and "Build from Source" options, before running `make` in step 4, you need to enable warp-ctc integration by uncommenting the following lines in `make/config.mk` in `incubator-mxnet` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to build MXNet from source, you need to follow [instructions here](https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/get_started). After choosing your system configuration, Python environment, and "Build from Source" options, before running `make` in step 4, you need to enable warp-ctc integration by uncommenting the following lines in `make/config.mk` in `incubator-mxnet` directory:
```
